A container is a smart component and has direct access to one or several pieces of the Redux state.

A component is dumb and is just a React component that doesn't need access to the Redux state tree.

Inside this app:

1. The map is a container (needs info from the Redux state tree)
2. Flat is a container because there's an action (changing the flat when clicked on new one)
3. The entire app is just a component (it needs no access to the Redux state tree)


Provider
You import the provider and put it around the App.

Store
The store we give to the provider is built from the createStore method that we get from the Redux library.

Reducer combination
The store needs reducers to work. We create one reducer for every key in the Redux state tree and combine those reducers to pass to the store. That's why you need the combineReducers as well.

Redux state tree
Our Redux state tree has flats. The flats are handled by the flatsReducer. The flatsReducer's job is to handle this part of the Redux state tree. For every key in the Redux state tree you have a single reducer. The reducer we import from the reducer folder.

The key things to understand is that now the dynamic information lives in Redux and we need a way to connect this information back to the component. This is done thanks to the mapStateToProps and the mapDispatchToProps and the connect helper. And then from the component what you can do is run actions and the actions will trigger maybe API codes or some stuff, it will pass reducers and the reducers will update the store.

Components now don't depend on their parents passing callbacks. Now you have this external store and external actions and every component can import the action they want and they don't have to rely on the parent to pass the information. This way the components are more reusable. It's easier to drop a component anywhere without worrying about the parent passing the right information. Now the only thing you need to make sure is that the component is at the right place, because the props of the component usually now will come from Redux state and not from the parents.

Redux state is the single source of truth for data.

Redux Advanced

Middleware: A function that takes an action and  an do something before it reaches any reducer. Middleware are in between the Action Creator and the Reducer and can change the action before it reaches the reducer.

Middleware 1: Redux logger

It will bring to the console (Chrome) a log, a new line, every time when an action has been triggered.

Fetch
Is the builtin function in browsers to do an Ajax request. It's used to call an API.

The fetch function returns a promise. A promise is some code that is going to be executed in some time. Ajax request triggers a http call, and when http call comes back then you need to act on the answer of the http request. So the promise here to chain the code you want to do after receive the http request. That's the concept of asynchronisity.

Middleware 2: Redux Promise

When you use a normal fetch request (see index.js line 9) it will return a promise, but returning a action in the fetch request on its own is then not enough, because what Redux is seeing now is a promise. It's not the action that I'm building the callback. So we need a way to tell Redux if you see promise, you have to resolve this promise and take whatever I put in the callback (return). For this you need custom middleware called Redux Promise.
























